yo what is up everybody this is james
carter TV and the NFC Championship Game
I just come to an end the San Francisco
49ers found a way to beat ya Atlanta
Falcons see a lot of Falcons let me just
oh my god this team was up 17 to nothing
no put up the brightness a little bit
talking here okay they're up 17 to
nothing I early in the second quarter
and I said on Twitter I'm like wow they
look good but they have to hold this
lead because last week they did not
hopefully yes I did win the game at the
end of the day but they did not hold a
lead and they this game they did not
hold their lead once again I cannot
believe that again they found a way to
choke and it's unbelievable to me I mean
they looked super bowl-bound and they
still had a chance where it was fourth
down four yards to go I'm minute and
like 94 seconds to go some like that and
forth and for it could have got it done
there and there at the 9-yard I
something like that could have got it
done there they didn't get it done and
that's just the end of the store for the
Atlanta Falcons and the beginning of the
story but it says physical 49ers right
now have it on Fox they are celebrating
in the locker room I don't know if any
you guys saw Jim Harbaugh it was going
crazy when Harry Douglas caught a pass
into me it was a catch I thought he got
his hand under the football and yes the
ball did move but at the end of the day
to me I thought his hand was under the
football and that he had possession now
something you may disagree with that but
whatever the point of the matter is at
the San Francisco 49ers are going to the
Super Bowl and I did predict them to go
to the Super Bowl so I've gotten half my
prediction correct now we have to watch
the ravens and Patriots I picked the
ravens to win that game we'll see once
that game but you know this game um even
though the foreigners did wind if they
could have played much better I thought
the defense played horrible in the first
half if I do is pretty ridiculous but
they've really stepped up in this
that can have the in Saudi colin
kaepernick you really stepped up in the
second half of the game Matt Ryan had a
great first half but again a great first
half not a great second half ed and
clothes and that's it that's why the
Falcons when a they need to learn how to
keep their foot on the gas they need to
learn how to do that they need to learn
how to run up the score okay people
yellow team saying oh what you wanted to
score this is exactly why you run up the
score because teens find a way to come
back you need a run up the score on
other team that's what you got to do to
win games I'm sorry you know the other
team doesn't like it but you have to run
up the score you cannot get conservative
to run up the score Falcons we're not
able to do that and the San Francisco
49ers are going to the Super Bowl
comment down below your thoughts on this
tell me what you think's going to win
the AFC championship game between the
Baltimore Ravens I'm New England
Patriots you know i'm about to go watch
that so let me in peace let me go watch
that James Carter TV and I'm out
subscribe follow me on Twitter all that
mess I'm out peace